# Medical-surwey-Analysis
Medical Survey  Report 
You have been provided with medical survey data that includes responses from an initial screening (demographic questionnaire), as well as a follow-up medical examination (blood pressure) with lab tests (cholesterol). This data is a subset taken from the NHANES 2005-2006 Survey and provided in the SAS XPT format. You can refer to the CDC website at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/Nchs/Nhanes/ and the links below for detailed descriptions of the features in each dataset.

Please clean and prepare the dataset for modeling, incorporating the following instructions. Datasets: 1 Dataset Link to files Description Demographics DEMO_D.csv DEMO_RETIRED.csv https://wwwn.cdc.gov/Nchs/Nhanes/2005-2006/DE MO_D.htm Blood Pressure BPX_D.csv https://wwwn.cdc.gov/Nchs/Nhanes/2005-2006/BP X_D.htmInstructions:

Use python to load DEMO_D.csv, BPX_D.csv, and TCHOL_D.csv as pandas data frames. Merge the 3 datasets but keep only the records that appear in all 3 datasets.
The existing features RIDAGEMN and RIDAGEEX contain the age of the respondent at screening and examination, respectively; however, both contain some missing values. a. Create a new feature AGE_AT_SCREENING with no missing values that contains the most precise estimate of each respondent’s age (in months) at the time of screening. Choose an appropriate strategy to estimate the missing values and explain your reasoning. b. Create a second feature AGE_AT_EXAM with no missing values that contains the most precise estimate of each respondent’s age (in months) at the time of the follow-up examination. Choose an appropriate strategy to estimate the missing values and explain your reasoning.
The existing features DMDEDUC3 and DMDEDUC2 contain categorical responses for each respondent’s highest level of education completed: however, the categories are somewhat overlapping and complicated. a. Create a new categorical feature HIGHEST_EDUCATION with the following categories: ELEMENTARY (did not graduate HS, or currently in grades K-12), HIGHSCHOOL (graduated or GED), and COLLEGE (4 year graduates only). This feature should reflect the highest level of education completed for each respondent, from among the 3 options. Choose an appropriate strategy to fill in any missing values and explain your reasoning.
The file DEMO_RETIRED.CSV contains a single feature named RETIRED which is a binary flag indicating whether the respondent is retired (1) or not (0). This feature has some missing values. a. Suggest an appropriate strategy to fill in the missing values. Justify your approach using graphs or statistics.
